Gatsby a11y helpers (#26376)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-a11y-helpers/README.md

      <h1>Hello!</h1>
      <GenericContent />
    </Layout>
  )
}
```

#### `RouteAnnouncement` props

| Name             | Type   | Description                                                                                |
| ---------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `useTitle`       | `bool` | tells Gatsby's internal Route Announcer to announce page `<title>` content on route change |
| `visuallyHidden` | `bool` | visually hides content wrapped inside of the `RouteAnnouncement`                           |

## `RouteFocus`

Client-side routing is a two-part problem for accessibility. One half of that problem is solved by [announcing route changes](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/pull/19290). The other half requires developers to manage focus to ensure that all users are provided enough context about their current position within the new page.

When Gatsby implemented `@reach/router`, the research at the time recommended setting user focus on a wrapping div. This is the behavior that was [implemented](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/pull/13197).

### Problem

> Further research was conducted athte Inclusive Design 24 virtual conference in October 2019 and, new [techniques were developed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tr21FqQQv-U) to support a wider variety of workflows and disabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further research was conducted at the Inclusive Design 24 virtual conference in October 2019 and, new [techniques were developed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tr21FqQQv-U) to support a wider variety of workflows and disabilities.
```
